text	class
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
Not sure who was more lost - the flat characters or the audience, nearly half of whom walked out.  	0
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	1
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
Wasted two hours.  	0
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
A bit predictable.  	0
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
It Was So Cool.  	1
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
This is the number one best TH game in the series.  	1
It deserves strong love.  	1
It is an insane game.  	1
There are massive levels, massive unlockable characters... it's just a massive game.  	1
Waste your money on this game.  	1
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	1
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
This game rocks.  	1
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
It's PURE BRILLIANCE.  	1
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
But it's just not funny.  	0
But even the talented Carrell can't save this.  	0
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
The only real effects work is the presence of all the animals, and the integration of those into the scenes is some of the worst and most obvious blue/green-screen work I've ever seen.  	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
It's hard not to fall head-over-heels in love with that girl.  	1
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
Totally believable.  	1
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
All in all I give this one a resounding 9 out of 10.  	1
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
One character is totally annoying with a voice that gives me the feeling of fingernails on a chalkboard.  	0
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	0
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  	1
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Québec.  	0
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	1
Plus, it was well-paced and suited its relatively short run time.  	1
Give this one a look.  	1
I gave it a 10  	1
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
It is a true classic.  	1
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
The problem was the script.  	0
It was horrendous.  	0
There was NOTHING believable about it at all.  	0
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
Ursula Burton's portrayal of the nun is both touching and funny at the same time with out making fun of nuns or the church.  	1
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
The acting was bad, the dialogs were extremely shallow and insincere.  	0
It was too predictable, even for a chick flick.  	0
Too politically correct.  	0
Very disappointing.  	0
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
But in terms of the writing it's very fresh and bold.  	1
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	0
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
Then scene where they debated whether or not to sack the trumpeter (who falsely was accused for the murder) is pure horror, really stupid.  	0
Some applause should be given to the "prelude" however.  	1
I really liked that.  	1
A great film by a great director.  	1
The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.  	1
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
Brilliant!  	1
10/10  	1
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
I guess that nobody at the network that aired this dribble watched it before putting it on.  	0
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
